Social Life on the internet vs IRL
Making your boss richer in exchange for living an average life?
4 Day work weeks impact on the economy?
Why do people use smaller countries to compare the USA?
Are dogs better than cats?
What is easier living life without a cell phone or running water?
Why are vaccines a political issue instead of a medical issue?
How did you get over your loneliness?
Why do people give their opinions when nobody asked for them?
What is the meaning of life?
Why do Neurotypicals like to have small talk?
Is Amazon an evil company? If so why do we support them anyways?
What happens after you achieve everything you ever wanted?
What in your opinion is wrong with the world?
Why are people obsessed with Politics?
What is the optimal work life balance?
Who is someone you admire and why? 
What is something that never fails to bring you joy? 
What’s something you learned about yourself this year? 
What’s something in your life that you’re really proud of? 
How would you describe your perfect adventure?
What’s your ideal Saturday/weekend day? 
What’s a skill/talent you regularly use to help others?
What’s an event or person that’s shaped your life in a big and positive way?
What is your (actual, genuine) superpower?
Emoji story time! Using emojis, tell a complete story (from a known book or movie, or an original story).
What are some books that are on your to-read list?
What are you most looking forward to in 2022?
What is one small thing that you think you can do to make the world better?
Exercise time! Get up from your chair (if you can) and do some squats! Or, if standing is a no-go, do some arm stretches and exercises. Share with the group how it felt to get some blood moving.
If you could have any title, for any reasons (Captain, Empress, Priest, Liege, Grand High Poobah, etc) which would you like to have?
What is a question that you wish someone would ask you this week?
What is your favorite nonsense word?
what was your favorite book of 2021
what was your favorite TV show or movie of 2021
what inspired you to create in 2021
what was a surprising silver lining from 2021
what was your favorite thing that you created in 2021
Exercise time! what is something you learned in 2021 to benefit your physical health? is this something that others can try?
how did your hair change in 2021?
Do you prefer long creative projects, or short/sprint creative projects? Why?
If you could learn another language tomorrow, what would it be and why?
Do you prefer animation or live action media?
Exercise time! Share two stretches or exercises that someone can do at a desk. 
If you popped into an alternate dimension and found out you were the patron deity of a really niche group, what would that group be? 
What is the best gift that anyone has ever given you?
What is the best gift that you have ever given to someone?
What was your favorite thing to have read (book, article, blog, etc) from this past year? Why?
What three TV shows would you recommend to a person in order for them to get to know you a little better?
Hot beverage time! Tea, Coffee, Hot Cocoa, Apple Cider, or something else?
What is your favorite crafty-thing to do with your hands?
What is your favorite style of food from outside of your native cuisine? 
Have you been to a creative or business conference? If so, what was it and would you recommend to others?
Do you know of any free/online conferences happening for the rest of the year that you think members of this community might be interested in?
What are some of the #hashtags that you follow on other sites?
What is a real-world event or life-event that has inspired you?
Hanging toilet paper: up and over the front, or up and over the back?
Is there someone in your life (IRL or online) that you think would get something out of this ThinkDivergent community, who you haven't yet invited?
What is your favorite movie/TV show/web show that you don't think other people have heard of?
What charity orgs do you volunteer with/support?
What veggie did you despise as a child but have grown to love as an adult?
What is the story behind your Discord name?
What is a skill you would like to work on over the next month?
What is your favorite word? Why (the way it's spelled, the way it sounds, etc)?
What is your least favorite word? Why (the way it's spelled, the way it sounds, etc)?
What is your favorite healthy way to deal with stress?
Do you fold or hang your laundry?
Toot your own horn! Brag about something!
What email host do you use? Of all the ones you've used over the years, which is your favorite?
What is the last book you remember having an impact on you (it changed the way you thought or acted)?
What is your favorite IRL (table-top) game to play?
What would you be willing to teach other people? On what topic could people come to you for help or advice?
What is your favorite silly holiday (Arbor Day, Taco Day, Kiss & Make Up Day, etc)?
What time do you normally wake up? What time do you normally go to sleep?
During what time of day are you able to be the most creative/productive?
What is a typical lunch for you?
What do you wish someone would offer to help you with?
Are you good at networking? If you aren't good at networking, why not? When networking, who would you like to connect with?
What do you consider a sign of good health in yourself? What can you do today to try to boost that?
What is a unique thing that you are good at?
If you could have a weird, mundane, or average superpower, what would it be and why? 
What city (anywhere in the world) would you most like to visit?
How do you feel about humans making it to Mars?
Would you rather visit the bottom of the ocean or the Moon?
what is your favorite color? Why?
are you predominantly a pedestrian, cyclist, or a driver?
what is a typical breakfast for you?
what would you like to learn from a peer or mentor, rather than from a webinar or class?
When you get a headache, how do you handle it?
In what environment would your dream home be located (beach, woods, rainforest, NYC highrise, etc)? 
which do you prefer: music with words, or music without words for while you work/create?
when is the last time that you jumped? (it's good for staving off osteoporosis🦾 )
Should day trading ad stock markets exist?
What's something that illegal in your country/state but totally legal in another?
How can we improve our food habits?
Is everything a ponzi scheme?
Why do people make bad financial decisions because of herd mentality even though we're really protective about money?
